edge-22.11.3 change notes (#9884)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-22.11.3

> This edge release fixes connection errors to pods using a `hostPort` different
> than their `containerPort`. Also the `network-validator` init container improves
> its logging, and the `linkerd-cni` DaemonSet now gets deployed in all nodes by
> default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This edge release fixes connection errors to pods that use `hostPort`
configurations. The CNI `network-validator` init container features
improved error logging, and the default `linkerd-cni` DaemonSet
configuration is updated to tolerate all node taints so that the CNI
runs on all nodes in a cluster.
```
